Hi welcome back my students in this lecture here.
I want to show you how to improve our CMA system by creating a new comment system is going to be very
simple is actually going to be a lot better than what we have before.
Let me just show you exactly what we have before or what some of you already have.
It's that what we're doing here is incrementing.
All right.
Feel the pulse coming count in our post table by 1.
Every time a user makes a comment.
All right we're going to do things a little bit different and actually they're going to be a lot more
fun to do.
All right.
So we're not even going to deal with this.
I want you to go to your post up DHP and I want you to delete this line.
Just delete it.
Or if you want just to have as of reference just come in that line out.
We're not going to even use it anymore.
All right.
So my idea is this every time we create a comment.
All we have to do if we want to show the number.
All.
Being the the amount of comment that we have in our admin right here is that all we have to do is just
count the rows in that specific post and that's it right once we count the rows for this specific idea
for this specific post we can say okay has three comments as for comments we don't even have to increment
that field by one anymore and we don't have to do a common count so we can even delete that out in our
database if we wanted to are out of our table.
So let me just show you how this works.
All right.
So go to your view of polls and we're going to do this right here where we are echoing pools common
count.
All right.
So first and I got this line right here.
I'm going to show you.
And just going to copy and paste.
Basically we make a Querrey right and we select everything from comments were common post ID equals
a post ID.
All right.
We remember that.
That's the common bull's eye is the one that we are inserting right right here.
That's a common count right.
Right here.
So we are inserting come in post ID
which is actually right here.
Sorry.
The post ID into the common post ID.
All right.
So if these two are similar.
Right well actually the same then we make the Querrey right.
So we'll come here and we'll say you know what and where we count or send come inquiry.
All right just to make a little bit more semantic or something.
So and then we'll create another variable here and we say count comments
if I can spell it right that would be nice.
There we go.
And then all we got to do is use a function to your call.
I ask you your line on Rose.
All right.
And we'll use the results right here put it right here and that's it.
Now we have to do is just echo count comments like this.
All right.
For this specific user.
So now we save it and we go back to our admin and enter.
And now you can see that everything is zero.
All right and now we got one right here because we have a comment for this specific user.
So for example if I go to this polls right here and I create a column and then I say OK my name is that
India's support at India's come or actually doing school of code.
School of course does come and go.
It's a really cool Web site they're developing and just saying something like mind comment.
All right.
Samit All right.
Now we go to admen we go to polls and now you can see that we have a comment there.
All right.
And we got two views of course.
It's pretty cool stuff right now.
It would be nice if we have a link here.
We had a link where we click on this and we can see all the comments for this specific post.
We're going to do the next lecture I think you're going to like it anyway.
Thank you so much and I'll see you in the next one